feat(HTTP): Refresh 5XX response pages (#35361)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/status/502/index.md

{{HTTPSidebar}}

The HTTP **`502 Bad Gateway`** [server error response](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status#server_error_responses) status code indicates that a server was acting as a gateway or {{Glossary("Proxy_server", "proxy")}} and that it received an invalid response from the upstream server.

> This response is similar to a {{HTTPStatus("500", "500 Internal Server Error")}} response in the sense that it is a generic "catch-call" for server errors, except that it is specific to the point in the request chain the error is occurring.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This response is similar to a {{HTTPStatus("500", "500 Internal Server Error")}} response in the sense that it is a generic "catch-call" for server errors.
The difference is that it is specific to the point in the request chain that the error has occured.
```

If the origin server sends a valid HTTP error response to the gateway, the response should be passed on to the client instead of a `502` to make the failure reason transparent.
If the proxy or gateway did not receive any HTTP response from the origin, it instead sends a {{HTTPStatus("504", "504 Gateway Timeout")}} to the client.

> There are many causes of `502` errors, and fixing such problems likely requires investigation by server owners or administrators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many causes of `502` errors, and fixing such problems probably requires investigation by server owners or administrators.
```
